[DX-1058] Warning on OAS backwards compatibility - Dashboard 5.1 release notes (#4108)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-dashboard/release-notes/version-5.1.md

> #### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Breaking Changes
```

> Our Dashboard is using [Golang 1.19](https://tip.golang.org/doc/go1.19) programming language starting with the 5.1 release. This brings improvements to the code base and allows us to benefit from the latest features and security enhancements in Go. Don’t forget that, if you’re using GoPlugins, you'll need to [recompile]({{< ref "plugins/supported-languages/golang#initialise-plugin-for-gateway-51" >}}) these to maintain compatibility with the latest Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Golang Version upgrade
Our Dashboard is using [Golang 1.19](https://tip.golang.org/doc/go1.19) programming language starting with the 5.1 release. This brings improvements to the code base and allows us to benefit from the latest features and security enhancements in Go. Don’t forget that, if you’re using GoPlugins, you'll need to [recompile]({{< ref "plugins/supported-languages/golang#initialise-plugin-for-gateway-51" >}}) these to maintain compatibility with the latest Gateway.
```

##### Tyk OAS APIs

> In order to provide a superior experience with OAS APIs, we have made some changes which includes various security fixes, improved validation etc. Upgrading to v5.1 from v4.x.x maybe irreversible, rollback to v4.x.x could break your OAS API definitions. For this reason, we recommend making a database backup and then restoring if you plan to rollback to v4.x.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide a superior experience with OAS APIs, we have made some changes which include various security fixes, improved validation etc. Upgrading to v5.1 from v4.x.x may be irreversible, rollback to v4.x.x could break your OAS API definitions. For this reason, we recommend making a database backup so you can always restore from the backup (of v4.X.X) in case you encounter a problem during the upgrade.
```

> In order to provide a superior experience with OAS APIs, we have made some changes which includes various security fixes, improved validation etc. However one important thing to note here is that you can upgrade to v5.1 from v4.x.x with ease, but rollback to v4.x.x could break your OAS API definitions, it is recommended to use a database backup and restore in case you plan to rollback to v4.x.x

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to provide a superior experience with OAS APIs, we have made some changes which includes various security fixes, improved validation etc. Upgrading to v5.1 from v4.x.x maybe irreversible, rollback to v4.x.x could break your OAS API definitions. For this reason, we recommend making a database backup and then restoring if you plan to rollback to v4.x.x.
```

- [Postman Collection](https://www.postman.com/tyk-technologies/workspace/tyk-public-workspace/collection/27225007-374cc3d0-f16d-4620-a435-68c53553ca40)

### FAQ

> Please visit our [Developer Support]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/faq" >}}) page for further information relating to reporting bugs, upgrading Tyk, technical support and how to contribute.

Reviewer 2: How has this line changed?

Author: it didn't
